KeyRing/2 is easy to translate into most languages.  Lets start with
ENGLISH.MSG.

ENGLISH.MSG is a list of most of the English phrases used by
KeyRing/2 on screens, error messages and menus.  Each phrase has an index 
number like so:

000021 'Problem adding file to master list: '
000022 'Scanning '
000023 ' Registration Information '
000024 'Sorting'
000025 'Pruning'

Translation of each phrase is as easy as overwriting the English
phrase with the same message in your native language:

000021 'foo bar blabba stuff: '
000022 'blabba foo '
000023 ' BlabbaBlabba FoooooBlaba '
000024 'BlabbaStuff'
000025 'FooStuff'

Not that my translation into "pseudo-caveman" left in formatting
charaters - spaces at ends of lines and colon (:) characters.  Many
of the phrases found in ENGLISH.MSG are concatenated with other
phrases, and spaces may be important.  Experiment!

Use E.EXE or equivalent as the editor for this file.  Word processors
will probably NOT work unless you really know what you are doing. 
You can use "high ASCII" characters if need be.  Don't delete the
single quotes at each end of the line.  You don't need to "double up"
single quotes inside the two end quotes:

    Correct:  000099 'This is Kevin's good example'
  Incorrect:  000099 'This is Kevin''s bad example'

Each line should end with a standard DOS CR/LF sequence.  Trailing
spaces after the end quote and before the CR/LF are ignored.  Don't use TAB 
characters.  Don't use some UNIX or Mac editor that uses only CR or
LF or some other weird permutation of end-of-line characters.

Some of the Phrases that have an ampersand (&) in them are menu items 
or entry screen fields with a "hotkey".  The letter to the right of 
the '&' is the hotkey for that item.  You can move the & to a letter more
appropriate for your language, or remove it if you like.  If you
remove it, there will be no hotkey for that field or menu item.

Example:

000125 '&First Path To Search:'  -> 'F' is the hotkey for this field
000126 '&Second Path To Search:' -> 'S' is the hotkey for this field

The best way to translate the screen messages is to make "screen
dumps" of each of the screens you want to translate.  Find the
corresponding message in the ENGLISH.MSG file, and try to translate
it into a phrase in your language that will fit on the screen.

Note that some phrases are used in more than one place! 

So, how do you compile the new phrases into the ENGLISH.MSX binary
format?  Easy - just put the modified ENGLISH.MSG file into your
ERACER2.EXE subdirectory and run KeyRing/2.  It will automatically
compile the phrases if the MSG is newer thant the MSX.  You can
delete the MSG after compilation, but I don't recommend this.

Don't forget to send me a copy of translated MSG files so I can make
them available to other speakers of your language.  No nasty words
please - I will verify your translation accuracy with other
independent sources prior to bundling them in future versions.  

I will be happy to give you credit in the About Box, if you provide me
with a good translation.


